Now where we are is we've
got our basic HTML.
We've got some simple styles.
Let's add some JavaScript to
make this a full jam stack site.
We're going to use some JavaScript and
we're also going to access the GitHub API.
So to do that, we're going to
create a New JavaScript file.
So let's open up basic folder and inside
of it, we're going to create main.js.
The name doesn't really matter.
That's just what I've started doing.
How many of you have used modern
JavaScript without battle?
Like just put it straight in the browser?
I see a couple hands.
It's the best feeling in the world.
So that's what we're going to do today
is we're going to use modern JavaScript
without a compiler.
Because we're only shipping
to I'm shipping to Chrome.
If you're shipping to Firefox,
that'll work.
I think it'll work in edge to like,
it's so
exciting that we're getting to the point
where we get to use the latest in
JavaScript without needing
a bunch of boilerplate to do it.
So let's write this file up.
So the first thing I'm gonna
do is just create a function.
And this is gonna be called list Repos.
And it's gonna use
the a sync await keyword.
And so this is basically
it's a function that accepts
a username is an argument, and then
we'll be able to do something with it.
So inside of that, I want to get a list
of all the Repos for that username.
That's going to be a will await.
Fetch is a native browser API,
which is just wonderful.
And then I'm going to hit the GitHub API.
So we'll do github.com/users.
And then let's take that username.
And we can search for Repos.
And then I don't want to see forks or
anything.
So I'm going to limit it to type=owner.
And let's see what I've been
working on most recently.
So we'll sort by when it was updated.
Then, when we get back,
the way that the fetch API works is
it's going to give you a response.
And then if you want to use that response
in a certain format, you have to parse it.
So I know that GitHub is
going to send us back json.
So we're going to just parse it as json.
And then once we've done
that we can actually use it.
So I will call this or actually,
sorry, we're going to catch
in case something goes wrong.
So if we get an error like
you we're rate limited or
something goes wrong in the request or
was malformed, we're going to catch that
and we'll be able to do something with it.
So I'm not going to do any
intense error handling here.
I'm just going to console error
in case something goes wrong.
And that'll give us information.
And then I'm doing something here that
if you've never seen this before, like.
The fetch API is promise based.
So what it's doing is it's executing
something, and then it will resolve and
that gives us access to a dot bin.
And when you use a sync await, what
you're doing is unwrapping a promise so
that you can get the return value
of that promise the resolved value,
without having to stick it into a dot bin.
So what we could do is we
could add another dot bin and
do all of our handling in there.
But the mental model on that
is just a little tricky and
then you start getting things get
nested and nested and nested.
So I like async await to keep things
at the top level when you're not doing
a lot of parallel things because
async await is blocking.
So if you've got like three
promises in a row and
you use async await on all of them, it'll
finish one before it starts two and so on.
So that is something to be aware of, but
in this case, we're only doing one thing
so it's okay that it's blocking
because it would be blocking anyways.